So I would like to say that way are in Not in a zero defect. Maybe right
now. So I'm not sure that that is the case. I don't think that's
ever been the case. Not as accepting of failures. Um, So to avoid that,
you have to do as many drills as many runs. Rumors practice around
this dry run scenario planning etcetera that you could possibly think
of. This is where the aviators have over us where they could do
the simulators. Just fly the simulator, fly the simulator, fly the
simulator. I have been told that the pilots that flew the J 35 simulators
ball vast and got, you know, absolute a number one scores for
then at the least, crashes off the aircraft when they were finally giving.
So run your drills. One you're acting in a decade. Be part of
that personally. As ah, Chief imaginary officer, I was always the number
one nozzle man going to the fire. I always wanted to know how
hot it got in those fires and great legs. That's where we went in my
time for firefighting training. You wanna know one of your body, Teddy,
when you have to go put out a fire. So what do that is by doing?
So do thrills Try to figure out what you can do that will help you
be prepared for those zeros effect mentalities that you're gonna be
facing.